[Autogenerated] hi.
In this module, I'll teach you how to monitor,
secure and some of the common best practices when it comes to building step,
function workforce.
Throughout this motion,
you learn how to monitor your work clothes after you
make them available to the public.
We will go over how to use a different metrics that cloudwatch makes
available to us to identify and fix potential performance issues.
You will also learn how to create alarms so that you will get notified
when the performance level falls below or above a desire threshold
that you said based on your requirements.
Security is always important for any kind of service.
We will go over the different security options that
we have for our step functions.
We'll take a look at security policies.
Apply toe work close automatically based on the
service is that are utilized toe only.
Allow the minimum possible rights to a workflow.
You will also learn how to create users with right permissions to use with
activities that you might be running on your own environment.
We will also go over the data encryption options that we have
to prevent unauthorized entities from viewing the payload
information passed between steps,
which is visible to anyone who has access to all the workflow
designer or the workflow execution history.
He will also learn what the different limitations,
off step functions are on,
how to avoid reaching them or what to do when we reach them.
And finally, we'll go over some of the best practices. When it comes to building our work force, Let's get started.